docs: add migration docs for v0.22.2 (#2629)
ignite/cli: docs/docs/migration/v0.22.2.md

---
sidebar_position: 0
title: v0.22.2
description: For chains that were scaffolded with Ignite CLI versions lower than v0.22.2, changes are required to use Ignite CLI v0.22.2. 
---

# Upgrading a blockchain to use Ignite CLI v0.22.2

Ignite CLI v0.22.2 changed the GitHub username from "ignite-hq" to "ignite", which means the imports must be fixed to reflect this change.

1. In your `go.mod` file find the require line for Ignite CLI that starts with `github.com/ignite-hq/cli` and is followed by a version.
   It looks something like `github.com/ignite-hq/cli v0.22.0`, and replace it by `github.com/ignite/cli v0.22.2`.

> 2. Make a bulk find and replace in the import statements for `github.com/ignite-hq/cli` to be replaced by `github.com/ignite/cli`.

Author: @ilgooz @tbruyelle should we add a command to make the replacements or leave it to the developer?

If we want to add a command like `find` & `sed` we should contemplate possible differences between the GNU and non GNU versions between linux and macOS.

Reviewer: For me it's fine like that.

For the future, we can imagine a `ignite fix` command (just like there's a `go fix` command), dedicated to migrations like that.

---
sidebar_position: 0
title: v0.22.2
description: For chains that were scaffolded with Ignite CLI versions lower than v0.22.2, changes are required to use Ignite CLI v0.22.2. 
---

# Upgrading a blockchain to use Ignite CLI v0.22.2

Ignite CLI v0.22.2 changed the GitHub username from "ignite-hq" to "ignite".

> 1. Open your `go.mod` and change the Ignite CLI line with `github.com/ignite/cli v0.22.2`

Reviewer 2: Can we make it precise by giving the whole github.com/ignite-hq/cli path?

> 2. In your `go.sum` file change `github.com/ignite-hq/cli` to `github.com/ignite/cli`

Reviewer 2: I think it is better just running `go mod tidy` here, it'll auto adjust the go.sum file.

> 3. Make sure that your all CLI import lines in yout app start with `github.com/ignite/cli`, including these files:

Reviewer 2: Can we make it precise by giving the whole github.com/ignite-hq/cli path?

 - `app/app.go`
 - `app/simulation_test.go`
 - `testutil/network/network.go`

> 4. Finally open the `main.go` file located inside the app's `cmd/` directory and also make sure the cosmoscmd package is imported as `github.com/ignite/cli/ignite/pkg/cosmoscmd`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Should be covered by step 3.

Author: This one is trickier to make it precise because the app name can be anything. I will see if I figure out a good way to document it.

---
sidebar_position: 0
title: v0.22.2
description: For chains that were scaffolded with Ignite CLI versions lower than v0.22.2, changes are required to use Ignite CLI v0.22.2. 
---

# Upgrading a blockchain to use Ignite CLI v0.22.2

Ignite CLI v0.22.2 changed the GitHub username from "ignite-hq" to "ignite", which means the imports must be fixed to reflect this change.

1. In your `go.mod` file find the require line for Ignite CLI that starts with `github.com/ignite-hq/cli` and is followed by a version.
   It looks something like `github.com/ignite-hq/cli v0.22.0`, and replace it by `github.com/ignite/cli v0.22.2`.

> 2. Open the `app/app.go` file and replace the import line `github.com/ignite-hq/cli/ignite/pkg/openapiconsole` by `github.com/ignite/cli/ignite/pkg/openapiconsole`.

Reviewer 2: Instead of giving file by file instructions for .go files, we can suggest them to make a bulk find and search for `github.com/ignite-hq/cli` to be replaced by `github.com/ignite/cli` in the **import statements**.

Which means we can merge 2,3,4 into a single step.

Reviewer: Agree, it's probably safer

3. Open the following files and replace the import line `github.com/ignite-hq/cli/ignite/pkg/cosmoscmd` by `github.com/ignite/cli/ignite/pkg/cosmoscmd`:

 - `app/app.go`
 - `app/simulation_test.go`
 - `testutil/network/network.go`
 - `main.go` file located in the sub-folder inside the app's `cmd/` directory

5. If you imported a package from Ignite CLI after scaffolding make sure to change those import URL starting with the prefix `github.com/ignite-hq/cli` to start
   with the prefix `github.com/ignite/cli` instead.

> 6. Finally run `go mod tidy` where your app's `go.sum` file is located.

Reviewer: Why specifying where `go mod tidy` should be run ? It works also if `go mod` is run in a sub-directory of the module root directory.

I suggest to replace that with : 
```suggestion
6. Finally run `go mod tidy`,  then ensure there's no mention if `ignite-hq/cli` in your go.mod.
```
